With the utmost enthusiasm, I would like to express my interest in your opportunity to work as a developer intern 
this summer for Hedgeye. Over the past year, I have been able to greatly expand my knowledge in object-oriented programming
languages, such as Java, and explore my interest in technology and design.  I believe that my passion for programming and 
writing tests to improve my work, my strong commitment to efficiency and creativity with algorithm implementation, and ability 
to work with a team make me an ideal candidate to join the company as an intern.   

I am an effective communicator and teammate, and am sure that I would be a great fit for your company. As a previous 
athlete and current student, teamwork is no stranger to me. I enjoy working with others and am comfortable with both 
following instructions and taking the lead as necessary. In my previous role as chairman of my philanthropy in the National 
League of Young Men, I organized and led a group of twenty in multiple events and drives, which gave me strong experience in 
attention to detail and the importance of follow through. In addition, I recently had the great honor of graduating from the 
Charles R. Walgreen, Jr. Tau Kappa Epsilon Leadership Academy in La Foret, Colorado.  Over the three and a half days that 
we had activities, I gained a plethora of skills that pertain to leadership, accountability, and teamwork, most notably 
standing up for what I believe in and taking risks to steer any organization I am a part of in the right direction.  I felt 
that I grew strongly as a leader and as a team member because I had a weakness of not making my voice heard, and I forced 
myself to escape my comfort zone and contribute my ideas to a group of over seventy people, including peers and above, and 
I look to apply my new abilities in my professional life.

Most people would describe me as a person driven by personal relations, and my multiple jobs involving customer service would
benefit the company when working with clients to cement their loyalty and enjoyment working with Hedgeye.  Working in a grocery
store and as a busser, I have learned to work with modesty and patience when working with difficult situations, because that
defines who you are as a person.  

As a disciplined employee I would bring a driven ethic to everything I do, and my interest in software engineering and openness 
to learning more are some of my key strengths.  I would describe myself as a self-starter because I can work efficiently under 
guidance as well as by taking the initiative.  For example, ovet this summer, whilst searching for an internship, I downloaded 
learning guide for the programming language Python, and have been studying and learning how to run it on my computer on my own 
time.  I believe I am an excellent program tester, and would be more than willing to go the extra mile when it comes to 
checking my work as thoroughly as it takes to ensure that I have successfully done my job.  
 
Hedgeye is a firm that embodies the key values of being cutting-edge and relied upon by their clients due to the people 
employed by the company, and their determination to do their job well.  This ideology is the foundations of what I want 
to build my career on.  If I make a mistake, I will not try to hide it or blame on someone or something else, rather take the 
opportunity to be accountable for my flaw and learn from it so I do not repeat it, and become a better employee.  If I am 
given the opportunity to work with you this summer, I would show up every day with a positive attitude and the drive to 
succeed. 

If you would like to reach out to any of my references, they can be reached with the information below:

Sherrie Stinson, Front End Manager, Pavilions grocery store in Irvine, CA
(657) 273-5753

Al Mejia, Football Coach
(949) 378-9247
al@almejia.com

Thank you for your time, and I look forward to hearing from you. 
